hey guys I'm here with a huge sensation
and I'll tell you why I'm here because
not only has this guy worked with Justin
Bieber he's toured with Lady gaga
it's DJ Zedd what's up my friend how are
you I'm doing great how are you I'm
great always doing good I love that now
we barged in on you and you are working
on your playlist here for tonight you
are performing at live tonight that's
right yeah yeah we check out your
playlist over here I know you got a
bunch of stuff here you know I'm just
just going through tracks and see if
there's anything new I want to play or
try out you know cool cool cool I know I
know you love performing it live you
told me earlier I love performing in
general I like that now let's talk about
your debut album released last Tuesday
on iTunes and it's a huge sensation
already number one in the dance charts
hello number six overall yeah that's I
mean it's a big surprise I didn't expect
I didn't expect anything from the start
but you know I would have never expected
it to be so big for me ya know what goes
on in your mind knowing that you just
released this a couple days ago and it's
already a huge sensation I mean it's
just the crazy thing for me is that you
know I found out that the album came out
a few hours early because my fans got
kept tweeting about it and they stayed
up all night to buy the album I mean
that's just a sensation for me that
people actually stay up to spend money
on music that's to me an amazing thing
because I personally buy music because I
think I think it feels great to buy
music and you know yeah was just a big
surprise and I was yeah I was amazed by
it now you dabble before on electronic
dance music and then you worked with
some metal and rock and then you're back
and full-on kursi or now with electronic
dance music can you tell me why the
switcher what was you know I started
with classical music I started playing
the piano that was the beginning and
then when I was like 12 I decided it's
not cool enough anymore so I started
playing drums in a rock band and I've
liked Daft Punk that was like one of my
first CDs and you know that's electronic
music and for some reason justice cross
really made me want to try out to
produce electronic music and you know it
just happened so fast I don't even know
why or how it just you know happened now
you toured I mean you toured with Lady
Gaga and produce some tracks with her on
our upcoming album artpop what element
are sound do you feel you both brought
to the collaboration I think it's I mean
I don't want to I can't say too much
about it but what I can say is that it's
pretty much what you would expect it her
and you work together it's really both
of us you can hear both of us and each
song we made and yeah I'm really really
stoked and I can't wait how excited were
you when you learned you were gonna be
working with Lady Gaga I remember that
moment it was yeah it was crazy you know
that was a dream actually when I made
remixes for her like a year ago or one
and a half years ago I remember telling
you know Dave at Interscope who
commissioned the remixes that would be
my dream to one day you can be a be able
to actually make a song for her so look
at that careful would you would that's
right yeah now on a Poseidon tour you're
playing with your friend Porter Robinson
do you think it allows you guys to
bounce off each others energy well
there's a lot of advantages that first
of all we can surprise ourselves which
is always nice because you know there's
no plan set you know we we all have
songs so every day we look for new songs
and we like he will play a song I've
never heard before and I think that's
really interesting and we learn a lot
from each other and obviously if you're
two person on the stage you have one can
be on the mic the other one can be
preparing a mixer you can do a lot of
things you can do it on your own so it's
really fun
why tour with Porter and not tour solo
right now I do both I mean that was just
that an idea we had because you know um
we like each other's music and we've
been on tour before and our sets are
fairly similar and the style just fits
really well together so we thought it
would be something really cool for the
fans to just once make it tour that we
played together back to back you know
which is an idea we had and people seem
to like it
you guys do hang out on a regular basis
so was this your idea as you like it's
hanging out or was it something that
came from management well no no it was
our idea because a we were on a tour and
we had the best time of our lives with
Skrillex and Porter that was the first
where we played and then it was a show
with Tiesto and Porter and we just
realized we always have so much fun and
we love hanging out because we're
friends you know it's kind of the best
thing for us at the same time we think
it's something really cool and special
for the fans well you guys good luck
tonight
check out his album clarity on iTunes
today
and everywhere October 9th